How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?
Ans: well it dose show the exat pin point where the changes were made but it shows that which part of the 
program was change and then we have to search the comapare file and see to it if any thing is wrong
    
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
Ans if i run the new changes made in program and if that show error or it that logic to complete task is not proper 
i can see on which day and time i had made any change in order to change it make new logic or correct it. 
It also show how much productive is  my routine going on. 
 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
Ans:	we can't directly jugged if we it just right or wrong, the only we say what will be proper choice, 
Manually storing in commit mean we can add or storing our new updates when ever we want and not to store 
unnessary update from time to time automatically, 
Automatically storing mean there no to check or add our update mannualy we only make or add updates the version will our updates,
we will need only to see that if there is any unnessary changes or updates.
    

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Ans:	Git was basically design for programming only, it dose'nt make difference which programming language we use
so we can make difference in multiples files, while other files like googles Docs was design for only document and 
if we save all file in one it will become little bit hard to make difference
    
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Ans:	git log we can see how many time and when we have updated the software using git using resporitory with time and date.
	and by using "git diff" command we can see how many line we have deleted and added in the reposritory. 


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
Ans:	by using git version control i can see when and why i have changes in my application and project,
so when i pass command to the git 'git checkout' and i see when i hav make changes but it can't correct it. 
we have to pass another command 'git log ' by whcih we can see exact detail when make changes and it will 
also mention it what tyoe of coments, and soo by seeing it we can make out what can be error. 

    Fill in your answer here

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Ans: Well since i have work space setup for my work, I want to use git for opening up text editor Sublime for my project 
starting and completing and executing also.